kms: updates website to document encryption config hot reload changes (#38137)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider.md

1. Set the `--encryption-provider-config` flag on the kube-apiserver to point to the location of the configuration file.

> 1. `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` boolean argument determines if the file set by `--encryption-provider-config` should be automatically reloaded if the disk contents change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` boolean argument determines if the file set by `--encryption-provider-config` should be automatically reloaded if the disk contents change. This enables key rotation without API server restarts.
```

             timeout: 3s
   ```

Setting `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` to `true` collapses all health checks to a single health check endpoint. Individual health checks are only available when KMS v1 providers are in use and the encryption config is not auto-reloaded.

> Following table summarizes the health check endpoints for each KMS version:

Reviewer: Below the table, provide examples of what `Individual Healthchecks` and `Single Healthcheck` look like, i.e. `/healthz/foo`.

| KMS configurations        | Without Automatic Reload           | With Automatic Reload  |
| ------------------------- |------------------------------------| -----------------------|
| KMS v1 only               | Individual Healthchecks            | Single Healthcheck     |
| KMS v2 only               | Single Healthcheck                 | Single Healthcheck     |
| Both KMS v1 and v2        | Individual Healthchecks            | Single Healthcheck     |

> | No KMS                    | Individual Healthchecks            | Individual Healthchecks|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No KMS                    | None            | Single Healthcheck |
```

             timeout: 3s
   ```

Setting `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` to `true` collapses all health checks to a single health check endpoint. Individual health checks are only available when KMS v1 providers are in use and the encryption config is not auto-reloaded.

Following table summarizes the health check endpoints for each KMS version:

| KMS configurations        | Without Automatic Reload           | With Automatic Reload  |
| ------------------------- |------------------------------------| -----------------------|
| KMS v1 only               | Individual Healthchecks            | Single Healthcheck     |
| KMS v2 only               | Single Healthcheck                 | Single Healthcheck     |
| Both KMS v1 and v2        | Individual Healthchecks            | Single Healthcheck     |

> | No KMS                    | None                               | Single Healthcheck     |

Reviewer 2: With no kms configurations, there is no health check endpoint for kms right?

Reviewer: `/healthz/kms-providers` is always present when automatic reload is enabled because you could add a KMS provider at any time.

> `Single Healthcheck` returns the health check endpoint as `/healthz/kms-providers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Single Healthcheck` means that the only health check endpoint is `/healthz/kms-providers`.
```

> `Individual Healthchecks` returns the health check endpoints as `/healthz/kms-providers-0`, `/healthz/kms-providers-1` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Individual Healthchecks` means that each KMS plugin has an associated health check endpoint based on its location in the encryption config: `/healthz/kms-providers-0`, `/healthz/kms-providers-1` etc.
```

> `Individual Healthchecks` means that each KMS plugin has an associated health check endpoint based on its location in the encryption config: `/healthz/kms-providers-0`, `/healthz/kms-providers-1` etc.

Reviewer 3: Can you clarify are these endpoints derived or are these examples? If they are configurable, who is responsible for configuring these healthcheck endpoints and where?

Reviewer: The endpoint paths are hard coded and generated/controlled by the server, so they are always:

`/healthz/kms-provider-0`
`/healthz/kms-provider-1`

Where the index corresponds to the order in which the KMS config is processed.

Reviewer 3: > The endpoint paths are hard coded and generated/controlled by the server, so they are always:
> 
> `/healthz/kms-provider-0` `/healthz/kms-provider-1` `...` `/healthz/kms-provider-N`
> 
> Where the index corresponds to the order in which the KMS config is processed.

Would be helpful to add that so people know its not something they have to configure and it's system generated.

Author: added a note.

> `Individual Healthchecks` means that each KMS plugin has an associated health check endpoint based on its location in the encryption config: `/healthz/kms-providers-0`, `/healthz/kms-providers-1` etc.

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
`Individual Healthchecks` means that each KMS plugin has an associated health check endpoint based on its location in the encryption config: `/healthz/kms-provider-0`, `/healthz/kms-provider-1` etc.
```
